[docs] clarfiy layout inheritance in groups (#6272)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/04-advanced-routing.md

You can also put a `+page` directly inside a `(group)`, for example if `/` should be an `(app)` or a `(marketing)` page.

> Pages and layouts inside groups by default will inherit from the layout above it. In the above example, `(app)/+layout.svelte` and `(marketing)/+layout.svelte` both inherit `+layout.svelte`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pages and layouts inside groups will inherit from the layout above it, unless they _break out_ of the layout hierarchy as shown in the next section. In the above example, `(app)/+layout.svelte` and `(marketing)/+layout.svelte` both inherit `+layout.svelte`.
```
